
Science fiction space RPG. User is a bounty hunter, hunting down criminals and turning them in
for credits. These credits can be used for upgrading your ship, buying better tools, hiring help,
and other resources like food and fuel. There are mini games in order to capture the criminals, and you can fail these
minigames. If you fail, that criminal is not added to your hull. There is only so much room in your 
ship to start out, so you need to return quickly to afford fuel and resources. Some jobs cost more than others.

The user can customize their character, and save it. It will be saved to a Json File, and can be pulled up
later. Thus, saving the game, profile, etc. If they ever want to save, they just need to type 'save' and
their game will be saved. The code will be saved to a Json file and kept there until they bring it back
by typing their character's name.

To start off I need to make objects that relate to the users character, ship, etc. They start off with 
a set amount of materials, and a starter ship. Gender is not specified, nor is appearance. 

Next I want to do the intro text in the main code. Just to get that going, so that I don't forget, and I
have a general layout for where I want to go from there.

I want to make many options the user can choose from, for where they want to go to next. Like the shop,
mechanic, or 'wanted' board. 
	-Shop first. This will force me to get credits working. They can spend credits, and gain their resources. 
Like fuel, food, water, better weapons, etc.
	-Mechanic is where they get the upgrades for their ship. They also have the ability to buy a new ship with all
upgrades, but the upgrades are cheaper. Impliment how upgrades help. Or most I can in this part.
	-wated board gives the player a list of randomly created criminals they can go after. The difficulty
of the criminal adds to the amount of money they will get for capturing that criminal. The mini games direclty
corrolate with the difficulty of that criminal. 

The criminals are going to take a while. I think I will use inheritance for them, so that I don't need to make 
a billion different cs files haha. 

The user also has a chance of running into people, who they can potentially hire to help them. This will give
them a buff catching criminals.

Another feature I want to add, that will bring DateTime into play is the hunger feature. As time passes I want
their food/fuel to go down. At least until they get more upgrades. This way they aren't constantly in 
space, at least not at the start. 

Mini Game ideas:
	- Maze
	- Word guesser
	- Snake
	- Ship Alien Shooter

